"" + Door is unlocked. Enter the room.
Looks like there is a troll blocking the door. Try feeding him something and see what happens. Supposedly Trolls are vegans. + You gave the troll the apple. It seems as if he is no longer hangry and has moved out of your way. 
You approach the door and it will not open. You notice the bolts are loose. If only you could find something to tighten them. + You tighten the door with the wrench. Looks like you can open it now.
At the door you find an elf and you try asking him to move. He is distressed because he cannot find his notes for Elf University. Maybe you can help him out. + He is so happy. Now he can noodle on back to study for his finals!
As you approach the door you notice a puddle of water with an electrical wire in the middle. Looks dangerous. Maybe you can find something to stop you from dying? + You made it without electrocuting yourself! Now, continue on through the door!
There is a child at the door who refuses to move and go take its bath. How can you make baths fun? + The child ceased its screaming and went distractedly to its mom. Now keep on moving!
There is a terrible windchill outside and your neck starts to freeze in place. Hurry and take something that will help! + Congrats, you managed to defrost your head holder and good thing too otherwise that would be awkward. Now go ahead and continue through the door and leave this climate. 
At the door you find a sad lad. Turns out he lost the ring he was going to propose with! You could have sworn you saw it somewhere. Help him unite with his true love forever. + You give the man his ring. He happily runs away to propose to his boyfriend.
FIRE!! The door is currently being set on flames! Maybe you can find something to extinguish it? + You distract Olaf towards the fire and push him in. He threatens you with his return next year. Guess you have an enemy now. 
You find an angry Frenchman drinking an espresso. He is missing something. 'And it better be french!' he says. + You give him the croissant and he thanks you for your understanding of the pastry craft. He slides away smoothly.
NO WAY! Dora is on the set recording Dora The Explorer! She says,'Quick! Say backpack' and you notice backpack is nowhere to be found. Help her find him! + You slide backpack on the set. Whew! That was a close one. You saved several children from disappointment! Continue on with your quest, you hero!
A businessman from Wall Street is frantically looking for a device that will help him connect with the stocks to the microsecond! He is being stubborn and will not let you pass unless you 'SHOW HIM THE MONEY!' + You 'SHOWED HIM THE MONEY' now go through the door!
Someone is trying to cook but they will not let you pass until you try some. Oh no they are missing the 'final touch' condiment! Help them look to speed up the process. + You had your steak and ate it too! Now go through the door!
A dog wants to play with you. Get something that he can fetch, catch, and bring back. + You played several rounds with him and now he needs to move on, as do you!
Picasso is in desperate need of a paintbrush! Hurry up before he loses his inspiration! + You just helped create the creative genius complete his artwork. Congrats!
A students worst nightmare! Hurry up and find her something to write with! + Congrats. You got her back in the running. Phew, what is with all these stressed out college students, right? 
You find an old lady with a cane in desperate need of a rest. Find her something she an relax on for a bit before she gets back to walking. + You got a chair for her! Perfect, now she can sit down while you continue on!
There is nothing like hungry students studying for finals. Find a way to feed these zombies. They do not like healthy things. Remember that it is the middle of the night! + You have fed them and they are speeding their way through their notes. They do not even notice you anymore.
There is a teen crying about how his mom canceled Netflix and how now he does not know how he will be able to keep up with Criminal Minds. How will he ever keep up? + You have shown his a new way of life. He will forever be grateful!
Time is at the door. They appear to be looking for a way to tell themselves. (Get it? Tell time?) ANYWAYS, help them find a way for them to keep themselves on time. + You have given them a beautiful watch! Continue on through!
Ariel is looking for her brush! Go help her! + You gave Ariel her brush and watched in horror as she then proceeded to eat with it.
There is some ringing going on in the room. Someone is calling you! Find where the call is coming from and pick it up. + It was your mom telling you that you might need to pause the awesome game you are playing because it is almost time for dinner.
Your toes are getting cold, even with your snow boots on. Find something that will give them an extra fuzzy layer of warmth. + Good job! You prevented that frost bite (on most of your toes). Hop on through to the next room!
It makes oxygen and your friend wants you to water it over winter break. It needs sunlight and care. Kind of like a human except you might of happened to misplace it. Find it before she get back. + You found the plant and you made it promise not to tell. Now you can go on with your life!
Your roommate lost her contacts and therefore her ability to see. You need to guide her around all day until she can see again. Help her find a way to see! + You gave her the ability to see again! It’s a miracle. And a heavy prescription! Now you can go on through without worrying she will knock into anything!
A 90s kid is missing the NSYNC music that goes into their CD player. Help them find it! + You found it and also introduced them to Spotify so hopefully it will not happen again. Your mission with them is done now. Continue on!